# Writeup 1 - Web I

Name: Sophiya Chhetri
Section: 0101

I pledge on my honor that I have not given or received any unauthorized assistance on this assignment or examination.

Digital acknowledgement: Sophiya Chhetri


## Assignment details
This assignment has two parts. It is due by 11/27/19 at 11:59PM.

**There will be late penalty of 5% per day late!**

### Part 1 (40 Pts)

Such a Quick Little, website!

[http://142.93.136.81:5000/](http://142.93.136.81:5000/)
- I started by looking around the website. The url of 3 links were same except for the id. The id changed from 0 to 2 based 
on which item you clicked. I tried by changing the id number to 3. I was expecting it to throw some error, but it just 
displayed the empty page with header. Then I tested to see what would happen if I add some true statement after the item 
number as shown in class. At first I tried with `http://142.93.136.81:5000/item?id=0 OR '1' ='1'`. It gave me 'ATTEMPTED SQL 
INJECTION DETECTED' error. Then I changed `OR` with '||'. This redirected me to the homepage. Then I tried by removing 
single quote at the very end of 1. It still went to homepage. I noticed the class slides had quote before ||. 
So when I tried with `http://142.93.136.81:5000/item?id=0' || '1' ='1`, it opened a shop page that had all the items. And at 
the very end was a flag. The flag is `CMSC389R-{y0u_ar3_th3_SQ1_ninj@}`.

### Part 2 (60 Pts)
Complete all 6 levels of:

[https://xss-game.appspot.com](https://xss-game.appspot.com)

Produce a writeup. We will not take off points for viewing the source code and/or viewing hints, but we strongly discourage reading online write-ups as that defeats the purpose of the homework.

1. Level 1
- pop-up alert generated by using `<script>alert()</script>` in the search bar.

2. Level 2
- I used a hint on this part. It gave me infomation that the welcome message contained html. So, I just used `<a href="#" onclick="alert();">Link</a>` in the share status tab to generate pop-up window

3. Level 3
- By reading at the description I knew that I had to add alert somewhere in the url. First I tried adding alert to the homepage of level3, it didn't do anything. Then I started trying adding alert for frames url. Adding `' onclick='alert()'` in the url of frame1 gave me the alert message.

4. Level 4
- I looked at source code for this part to see how the button onclick function is being handled. I initially tried by adding just alert() in the search bar and in the url. It didn't do anything so I started combining alert() to the existing time. `3' || alert('` gave the alert message.

5. Level 5
-  For this level I used all 4 hints and the source code for signup.html page. The redirection to another page when next is clicked was similar to one of the previos level. So, I added javascript function in the url then pressed go. So when any email was added and next was clicked, it would generate the alert. The url link that I used for signup page was `https://xss-game.appspot.com/level5/frame/signup?next=javascript:alert();`

6. Level 6
- I used up all hints and looked at source code to solve this level. After messing around with the url, I knew I had to pass in some javascript code in the url to generate alert. While searching for different ways to create alert by injecting code in url, I came upon this [data uri xss attack](https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/165713/using-data-uris-to-perform-xss-in-anchor-tags-vulnerability) stack exchange page. I tried different combination of the given answer and it worked when I replaced everything after 'frame#' with `data:text,alert()`.

### Format

Part 1 and 2 can be answered in bullet form or full, grammatical sentences.

### Scoring

* Part 1 is worth 40 points
* Part 2 is worth 60 points

### Tips

Remember to document your thought process for maximum credit!

Review the slides for help with using any of the tools or libraries discussed in
class.
